You are you
Sect Master, you shouldn't have killed the holy general
Yes, the Holy General dies
The Holy King will surely avenge him
If that existence comes in person
Even if you use all means
It seems that we will stay in this place forever
Am I great?
And they were right.
That Holy King is a half-earth level powerhouse
One move can destroy the world
Waiting in front of him is like a sea of yin
Sovereign, you are still young
Why don't we hold back for a while?
How about waiting for your cultivation minister to make a comeback?
I don't have to.
Just a saint
Can't get into my door
Sect master
So many years
The deity is finally back
Aren't you coming out to meet me?
Master, you are finally back